everybody in san fran video today i'm in
Nando's ever just come every cinema was
missing it was really good would you
rate out of 10 and Jesus a nine I can
say yeah nine of reporters for me know
yeah for FMS sorry posting on producers
yeah anyway
call me yell okay selfie is going to be
brushed finish strips with decided show
and then I am having I oh by the way I'm
Charlotte friend a living should I show
you the menu in case any of you want to
come here this is like the kiss menu
like I love the future really good my
cousin introduced me to this restaurant
when I when I went to the snow dome you
might not know it's really far away from
where I Liam Greene here is and then
this like adults was either omnom ET
coming oh you like to hear me yeah you
pick what you want your food to be thy
extra hot hot medium oil for extra miles
I'm mango lime mango oh it's not focus
it my way just as my goal on doesn't it
we were just doing instagram lines by
them yeah did it really work so yeah
we're gonna change it up crinum I got
some Diet Coke can you cook strikes
we're just looking outside now car
alarms going on bye-bye
[Music]